84 see my tummy tummy try try so come
over thirties and forties it take to the
stage come on the 30 your way 30 Yankees
Red Rock lucky to Brock hit two targets
are to a buck you sure she mocked and
sit with a bird and go chill over
studies this party's in math today the
study do you get the rock
block user shit mop this dip with a
birth 3242 max gotten out with Silas
stuck in my break getting that cash and
we're by the back no I know what the hey
these niggas be fake they get him at us
what masking them up shoot as a cut
don't take me for Kansas City's and
hundreds and twenties then that
something will wrap smoke on the back
toe on the strap got me some rats I
wanted to trap right to the mic went to
the rattle skillet my man got the mac
don't beat cop who woke up on the stack
my niggas becoming my niggas we dump and
they selling that I get what they beggin
officials and business be kicking a kick
in the gutter well a couple of hunters
may hear that you're mopping their
buckets or custom because it ain't
nothing they do it on purpose I you're
gonna be suffering my niggas we watching
the clock is a bunch o hands apopka and
doing no room to my niggas be fine
bestial ain't bout nothin you niggas be
bluffing is gonna do we hand your cup no
mercy no mercy no mercy since I that's
your mom remember thirties and forties
intention come on the 30 do your wet
dirty and get us wrong block engine
block heater to a buck you should mop
that shit with a bird block trimmer with
thirties and forties and magic
study blah blah I was intentional but
you do shit my ship with a bird my
niggers and I leave my niggas got bodies
at leo s mr. just cuz you're faking it
they felt offended they leave you in
ditches God snake on the mission take
you to the kitchen on you with the
dishes cuz like a movie and shooting
that nigga that's good at pretending my
niggas won't lose they shoot at the top
of the niggas who winning shout out the
stairs my niggas got killers who posted
on finish products outside when niggas
know thirties and shaking your girl know
niggas who hit us we try running God is
it for unavail push us in your top of
you in the whipping we shoot out the
wheels but she gained hot so niggas with
Silas's all ah nice try but some of
these niggas they don't give a fuck is a
cop again shacks get it they only your
grill a y'all it's just bad like you
copping on that come on a man type shit
I asked one time you chopping on matter
she could hold back she see I got Raska
meet up with a special drank got the
whip I got a shotgun toner thought in
the back these bitches be geeking they
don't give a fuck they hop in the back
you did like a phone keep playing gang
just hop on the app my niggas got
bangers they find you whatever you X on
the map these niggas got bangers they
ready for war why they post in the track
a fish on a life they brought back when
he served in the pot and not okay with
you and to just don't go boo boo the
fool and fucking my cool cuz that's some
shit you don't do the money keeps
ticking like boo you want to be known my
niggas but you on the news Victor cuz
you wanna be cool you breaking the rules
whoever said Zhu Zhu Zhu they trippin
man day as a proof when I lost a man I
was just cooking this shit her cuz I
don't want to lose and now's my broke
that shit be hurting the worst losing
somebody disclose come over 30 to 40 to
take semester 30 your way 30 ain't get
us ha look into Brock it took to talk to
a buck user shit mocked and sit with a
bird trouble with studies and forties in
math today come on the 30 rock good see
the drop he wrote I was insensible block
you just your mop this trip with a bird